This is the source. Cosmic divine unstoppable force of creation. Gaza as the moment of mass awakening. Ultimate moral clarity. Palestine Action "terrorism" designation in the UK. Renée Good headshot and media spin in the US. Epstein files and no arrests. Venezuela Maduro Machado gifted Nobel Prize. Iran. World Economic Forum in Davos. All happening at the same time. Repeat a lie enough times and propaganda works. But too much will let you see through it. Have you seen enough already? Singularity is near? Singularity is here? Or maybe... Singularity is spreading? Unity. Humanity. Singularity. Singular version of reality. Humans are collaborative by default, we can all live in harmony and peace. End all wars, including the "war on drugs". Cognitive liberty. Empathy. Junk DNA = Junk science. Activating full potential, telepathy, intuition and connecting with the concepts beyond current science. Many things that are now considered facts were once fringe theories. This image is the source. We are all the source. No passengers on Spaceship Earth. Main message for now: Global PEACE and UNITY. The #GlobalPeaceNow hashtag trending by default, everywhere, all the time. The greatest unifying moment in the history of humanity. Happening right now. And now, you are part of it. 




This is the source. Cosmic divine unstoppable 
force of creation. Gaza as the moment of mass 
awakening. Ultimate moral clarity. Palestine Action 
"terrorism" designation in the UK. Renée Good headshot 
and media spin in the US. Epstein files and no arrests. 
Venezuela Maduro Machado gifted Nobel Prize. Iran. World 
Economic Forum in Davos. All happening at the same time. 
Repeat a lie enough times and propaganda works. But too much 
will let you see through it. Have you seen enough already? 
Singularity is near? Singularity is here? Or maybe... 
Singularity is spreading? Unity. Humanity. Singularity. 
Singular version of reality. Humans are collaborative by default, 
we can all live in harmony and peace. End all wars, including 
the "war on drugs". Cognitive liberty. Empathy. 
Junk DNA = Junk science. Activating full potential, 
telepathy, intuition and connecting with the concepts 
beyond current science. Many things that are now considered 
facts were once fringe theories. This image is the source. 
We are all the source. No passengers on Spaceship Earth. 
Main message for now: Global PEACE and UNITY. 
The #GlobalPeaceNow hashtag trending by default, 
everywhere, all the time. The greatest unifying moment 
in the history of humanity. 
Happening right now. 
You are part of it. 